[RNA Transcription & Atbash Cipher]: Approaches Cleanup (#4191)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/atbash-cipher/.approaches/introduction.md

# Introduction

Atbash cipher in Python can be solved in many ways.  

## General guidance

The first thing is to have a "key" mapping — possibly in a `dict` or `str.maketrans()`, otherwise the value would have to be calculated on the fly.

> Then, you have to "clean" up the string to be encoded by removing punctuation/whitespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you have to "clean" up the string to be encoded by removing punctuation/whitespace.
```

Finally, you break it up into chunks of five before returning it.

> For decoding, it's similar — clean up (which automatically joins the chunks) and translate using the _same_ key — the realization that the same key can be used is crucial in solving this in an idiomatic manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For decoding, the process is similar — clean up (_which automatically joins the chunks_) and translate using the **_same_** key — realizing that the same key can be used is crucial in solving this in an idiomatic manner.
```
